okay welcome my name is Luis Valenzeula I'm going to
be your butcher instructor for everything poultry
today um we have a beautiful tray here
with different birds we have our chicken
we have duck we have turkey and we have quail now
it's important to I want to emphasize that all
these birds however different in size they are
the same in bone structure and and and muscle mass
for example you have quail here where you
have the keel bone right here you have the
two breasts right here you have the wings you have
the legs right here with the thigh and the drumstick
you have the back the back bone right here
and then you have the oyster muscles right here
if we go to the larger bird which is a turkey
will have the same thing we have the breast right
here here on the side you can see the thigh very
clearly the the drumstick very clearly as well
flip this over we have the oy- that we have
the oyster bone muscles right here we have
our backbone right here all the way to the neck
and we have our wings so once you learn how to do
one bird you can do all of them and this part
of course it only happens with turkey and
sometimes with duck it does not happen with quail
or chicken where you would often find inside the
cavity the neck the liver and sometimes the heart
in a little pouch or just like this okay these
are called offals and they're great to so you
don't discard them you don't dispose them they're
fantastic to make pates they're incredible to make
stocks or sauces jus anything like that it's
at the neck is full of flavor of course the heart
you can make different you know you can grill them
pan sear them serve them in many different
applications here on the duck which I'm going to
show you right here in the cavity careful with
your hands I'm pulling all the liver from here
now just want you guys to
see how beautiful this is
now all of these the reason why um the offals
are not in the chicken is because often at the
butcher shop you would find the the offal from
chicken sold separately right where duck and turkey
um because they don't sell enough turkeys
they would just stuff the offals inside